Follow these rules to map card json presented to the card fields to populate a json that can be used to populate card rows in our database

1. set_id

set to 1

name
2. image_url

set to the value of

"https://content.fabrary.net/cards/" + card.defaultImage + ".webp"

3. functional_text

set to card.functionalText

4. rarity

use card.Rarity mapped to rarity smallints (Basic, Token, Common, Rare, Super Rare / SuperRare, Majestic, Marvel, Legendary, Fabled, Promo).

5. set_code

Set to "OMN"

6. set_num

use card.SetIdentifiers. Use the numerical value next to "OMN"

7. type

use card.Types. Each value should only have 1 entry. Use the appropriate enums we set. If the type is action and it has the subtype of attack then set to Attack Action. If it does not have the subtype of attack then set to the Non-Attack Action enum.

8. subtypes

use card.Subtypes and set to the appropriate enums

9. classes

use card.Classes and set to the appropriate enums

10. hybrid

just let it default to false on all of these except for the card Third Eye of the Sphinx set that to true

11. talents

use card.Talents and set to the appropriate enums

12. pitch

set to the value of card.Pitch if the card has no pitch leave empty

13. cost

set to the value of card.Cost. if the card has no cost leave empty

14. power

set to the value of card.Power. if the card has no power then leave empty

15. block

set to the value of card.Defense. if the card has nod defense then leave empty

16. heroes

Set this to card.legalheroes and the appropriate enum values.

17. life

set to the value of card.Life. if the card has no life then leave empty.

18. intellect

set this to the value of card.Intellect. if the card has no intellect then leave empty.

19. keywords

set this to the value of card.Keywords.

20. formats

set this value to the value of card.Keys for the formats we support in the enums. Draft and Sealed can be mapped to our limited enum.

21. card SetIdentifiers

set this value to the value of card.SetIdentifier

22. specializations

set this values to the value of card.Specialization if they are available

23. fusions

set this values to the value of card.Fusions if they are available


